Combines are no longer just for farms.
The efficiency with which he paired the socks in the drawer was quite admirable.
All you need to do is pick up the pen and begin.
She had the gift of being able to paint songs.
We need to rent a room for our party.
There aren't enough towels in the world to stop the sewage flowing from his mouth.
He found the end of the rainbow and was surprised at what he found there.
Shingle color was not something the couple had ever talked about.
After exploring the abandoned building, he started to believe in ghosts.
He strives to keep the best lawn in the neighborhood.
The underground bunker was filled with chips and candy.
I'm confused: when people ask me what's up, and I point, they groan.
He was willing to find the depths of the rabbit hole in order to be with her.
The body piercing didn't go exactly as he expected.
You're so fat your year book picture was taken by a helicopter.
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
They called out her name time and again, but were met with nothing but silence.
Kevin embraced his ability to be at the wrong place at the wrong time.
The tears of a clown make my lipstick run, but my shower cap is still intact.
Thigh-high in the water, the fisherman’s hope for dinner soon turned to despair.
He colored deep space a soft yellow.
You bite up because of your lower jaw.
The sunblock was handed to the girl before practice, but the burned skin was proof she did not apply it.
She wanted to be rescued, but only if it was Tuesday and raining.
Normal activities took extraordinary amounts of concentration at the high altitude.
He created a pig burger out of beef.
The light in his life was actually a fire burning all around him.
The stranger officiates the meal.
Please wait outside of the house.
Everyone pretends to like wheat until you mention barley.
Giving directions that the mountains are to the west only works when you can see them.
Yo mama's so fat, when she fell I didn't laugh, but the sidewalk cracked up.
Yo mama's so fat, when she goes camping, the bears hide their food.
Yo mama's so ugly, she made a blind kid cry.
Yo mama's so stupid when they said it was chilly outside, she grabbed a bowl.
Yo mama's so stupid, she put lipstick on her forehead to make up her mind.
Yo mama's so stupid, she thought a quarterback was a refund.
